How to tell the difference between metal genres ? Easy:

Power Metal: The protagonist arrives riding a white unicorn, escapes from the dragon,
saves the princess and makes love to her in an enchanted forest.
Thrash Metal: The protagonist arrives, fights the dragon with his bare hands, saves
the princess and fucks her.

Heavy Metal: The protagonist arrives on a Harley Davidson heavily customized, kills
the dragon, drinks a few beers with the princess and gets awesome sex from her.
Folk Metal: The protagonist arrives with some friends playing accordions, violins, flutes
and many more weird instruments, the dragon falls asleep (because of all the dancing). Then all leave, without the princess.

Viking Metal: The protagonist arrives in a ship, kills the dragon with his mighty axe,
skins the dragon and eats it, rapes the princess to death, steals her belongings and
burns the castle before leaving.

Death Metal: The protagonist arrives, kills the dragon, fucks the princess and kills her,
then leaves.

Black Metal: The protagonist IS the dragon, dwells in the heart of the night within
a castle full of hellhounds and eternal flames. He kills the sassy knight, fucks the
noble steed and sacrifices the princess to Satan.

Gore Metal: The protagonist arrives, kills the dragon and spreads his guts in front of
the castle, fucks the princess and kills her. Then he fucks the dead body again,
slashes her belly and eats her guts. Then he fucks the carcass for the third time,
burns the corpse and fucks it for the last time.

Doom Metal: The protagonist arrives under heavy rain, sees the size of the dragon and
thinks he could never beat him, then he gets depressed and commits suicide. The
dragon eats his body and the princess as dessert. That’s the end of a sad story.

Progressive Metal: The protagonist arrives with a guitar and plays a solo of 26 minutes. The dragon kills himself out of boredom. The protagonist arrives to the
princess’ bedroom, plays another solo with all the techniques and tunes he learned
in the last year of conservatory. The princess escapes looking for the Heavy Metal
protagonist.

Glam Metal: The protagonist arrives, the dragon laughs at the guy’s appearance and
lets him enter. He steals the princess’ make up and tries to paint the castle in a
beautiful pink colour.

Nu Metal: The protagonist arrives in a run down Honda Civic and attempts to fight
the dragon, but burns to death when his moronic baggy clothes catch fire. The
princess escapes by herself.

Grindcore: The protagonist arrives, screams something completely undecipherable for
about sixteen seconds then leaves... The princess and the dragon are not sure about
what happened.

Gothic Metal: The princess in a velvet costume starts singing soprano. The protagonist
completes the duet when he shows up, they sing while the dragon plays the flute.
Suddenly the dragon swallows up the pipe and accidentally scorches the beauty and
the protagonist, and then he suffocates to death. All their souls are damned in hell
for eternity.

Industrial Metal: The protagonist arrives naked, wearing only a gas mask, makes an
obscene gestures towards dragon, and gets escorted out of fairy tale land by security
guards.

Speed Metal: Suddenly there is a short solo, the dragon is confused; someone’s screaming weird stuff; the princess realizes she’s been deflowered; the dragon and the
princess are still looking for the one who caused this.
Symphonic Metal: The princess enters the lair of the dragon with a full choir and
orchestra. Together they sing notes so powerfull that they make the dragon go
deaf. The dragon tries to burn them all to death, but the princess and her choir
sing so loudly and unified, that it creates a protective bubble which only grows in
strength from the lead guitarist’s solo later in the song. The flames bounce back
killing the dragon. The princess then saves the protagonist before leaving the scene
while everybody sing a mind blowing finale.
